c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\bin\Debug\label.exe.config
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\bin\Debug\label.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\bin\Debug\label.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.g.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\label\label\obj\Debug\label.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\bin\Debug\label.exe.config
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.exe
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\bin\Debug\label.exe
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\bin\Debug\label.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.g.resources
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\label\label\obj\Debug\label.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
