c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.exe.config
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.g.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.exe.config
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.exe
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.pdb
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.exe
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\bin\Debug\window.pdb
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.g.resources
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\window.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\window\window\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
