c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\bin\Debug\demptesting.exe.config
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\bin\Debug\demptesting.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\bin\Debug\demptesting.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.g.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\demptesting\demptesting\bin\Debug\demptesting.exe.config
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.exe
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Other Project\demptesting\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ToolBox\demptesting\bin\Debug\demptesting.exe.config
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ToolBox\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.exe
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ToolBox\demptesting\obj\Debug\demptesting.pdb
