c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.exe.config
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.g.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.pdb
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.exe.config
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.exe
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.pdb
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.exe
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\bin\Debug\panel.pdb
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.g.resources
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ravi-Gupta\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\panel\panel\obj\Debug\panel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
